drug	drug_category	target	entrezID	pharmacological_action
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	No
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2B	3357	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR5A	3361	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB1	153	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB2	154	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH2	3274	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH3	11255	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH4	59340	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM5	1133	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	OPRK1	4986	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	OPRM1	4988	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	OPRD1	4985	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN1	2902	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN2A	2903	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN2B	2904	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN2C	2905	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN2D	2906	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN3A	116443	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN3B	116444	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	SLC6A3	6531	Unknown
aripiprazole	Atypical antipsychotics	SLC6A4	6532	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2B	3357	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR5A	3361	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH2	3274	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB1	153	Unknown
asenapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB2	154	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	No
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH4	59340	No
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	No
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	No
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM5	1133	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GSTP1	2950	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CALY	50632	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABBR1	2550	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABBR2	9568	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRA1	2554	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRB1	2560	Unknown
clozapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRG1	2565	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
iloperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
lurasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB1	153	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB2	154	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRB3	155	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRA1	2554	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRA2	2555	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRA3	2556	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRA5	2558	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRG1	2565	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRG2	2566	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	GABRG3	2567	No
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
olanzapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1F	3355	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Yes
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Yes
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Yes
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
paliperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
pimavanserin	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
pimavanserin	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
pimavanserin	Atypical antipsychotics	SIGMAR1	10280	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1D	146	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
quetiapine	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM5	1133	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
risperidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Yes
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1D	3352	Yes
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Yes
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	CHRM5	1133	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3B	9177	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3C	170572	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3D	200909	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR3E	285242	Unknown
ziprasidone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR5A	3361	Unknown
lumateperone	Atypical antipsychotics	SLC6A4	6532	Yes
lumateperone	Atypical antipsychotics	GRIN2B	2904	Yes
lumateperone	Atypical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
lumateperone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
lumateperone	Atypical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	DRD2	1813	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	DRD3	1814	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	HTR2A	3356	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	HTR2B	3357	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	HTR7	3363	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	ADRA1D	146	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	HRH1	3269	Unknown
brexpiprazole	Serotonine-dopamine modulators	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR2A	3356	Yes
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	DRD2	1813	Yes
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR1B	3351	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR1D	3352	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR1E	3354	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR3A	3359	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR5A	3361	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR6	3362	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HTR7	3363	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRA1B	147	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	ADRB1	153	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	CHRM2	1129	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	CHRM4	1132	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	CHRM5	1133	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	DRD1	1812	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	DRD3	1814	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	DRD4	1815	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	DRD5	1816	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HRH1	3269	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HRH2	3274	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	HRH4	59340	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	SLC6A2	6530	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	SLC6A4	6532	Unknown
loxapine	Tricyclic antipsychotic	SLC6A3	6531	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA1B	147	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Yes
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	KCNH2	3757	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD4	1815	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD5	1816	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2B	3357	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA1D	146	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	CHRM1	1128	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	SMPD1	6609	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	CALM1	801	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ORM1	5004	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	ORM2	5005	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
chlorpromazine	Typical antipsychotics	HRH4	59340	Unknown
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Yes
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	CALM1	801	Unknown
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	AR	367	Unknown
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Unknown
fluphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2C	3358	Yes
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	DRD3	1814	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	MCHR1	2847	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	SLC18A2	6571	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	SIGMAR1	10280	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HRH1	3269	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	CHRM3	1131	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2A	150	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2B	151	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA2C	152	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HTR1A	3350	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HTR6	3362	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	HTR7	3363	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	GRIN2B	2904	Unknown
haloperidol	Typical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Unknown
perphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Yes
perphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
perphenazine	Typical antipsychotics	CALM1	801	Unknown
thiothixene	Typical antipsychotics	DRD1	1812	Yes
thiothixene	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
thiothixene	Typical antipsychotics	HTR2A	3356	Unknown
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	DRD2	1813	Yes
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	ADRA1A	148	Yes
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	CALY	50632	Yes
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	CALM1	801	Unknown
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	TNNC1	7134	Unknown
trifluoperazine	Typical antipsychotics	S100A4	6275	Unknown